hello everyone welcome to this video
lecture
on dynamic cmos logic
here the circuit is showing the dynamic
cmos
general structure the dynamic cmas
will be having a clock signal as input
to the pre-charge p mass transistor and
to the gate of
evaluate transistor of n mass
so the logical circuit we are going to
write by using n
transistors network it will be acting as
a pull down network and
we will be having a single pmos
transistor
and we are calling it as a pre-charge
and one more n transistor under n
transistor network
to evaluate the logic now we will see
how
actually this circuit is going to behave
when we are going to provide
the clock signal here you can observe
the timing diagram when clock is 0
the output is vdd means
output is logic 1 when clock is equal to
it is evaluate state and output will be
evaluated as per the logic
if if there is any path from the output
reaches ground if any of the input is
high
so that output will be zero
if any path reaches to the ground in the
pull down network
it will be the output will be reaches to
zero
there will be a chance of getting zero
output only in the evaluate state
in the pre-charge state output will be
one that's why the output is pre-charged
to 1
when clock is equal to 0 we can say
how that output is going to be 1 in
pre-charge
state because of clock is equal to 0
this pmos transistor is turning on
and this evaluate transistor is turning
off
even if we are going to provide the
different kind of inputs over here
there is no direct path from output to
ground
because of this evaluate transistor is
in off state
there will be an open circuit between
the ground terminal and the output
and this pre-charged pmos transistor is
on
it will make the contact to vdd terminal
and the output terminal so that the
output capacitor is going to
charge this is how the dynamic cmos
logic is going to work
so in place of n transistor network that
is the pull down network
if you put the transistor connections as
per our logic
this dynamic cmas logic is going to work
as per
the logic what we are going to write
thank you